I. INTRODUCTION
A. Types of DL approaches
C. When and where to apply DL
D. State-of-the-art performance of DL
E. Why deep Learning
F. Challenges of DL

II. DEEP NEURAL NETWORK (DNN)
A. The History of DNN
B. Gradient descent
D. Back-propagation

III. CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORKS (CNN)
B. Popular CNN architectures
C. CapsuleNet
D. Comparison on different models
E. Other models
F. Applications of CNNs

IV. ADVANCED TRAINING TECHNIQUES
A. Preparing dataset
B. Network initialization
C. Batch Normalization
D. Alternative Convolutional methods
E. Activation function
F. Sub-sampling layer or pooling layer
G. Regularization approaches for DL
H. Optimization methods for DL

V. RECURRENT NEURAL NETWORKS (RNN)
A. Introduction
D. Convolutional LSTM (ConvLSTM)
F. Attention based models with RNN
G. RNN Applications

VI. AUTO-ENCODER (AE) AND RESTRICTED BOLTZMANN MACHINE (RBM)
A. Review of Auto-Encoder (AE)
B. Variational auto encoders (VAEs)
C. Split-Brain Auto-encoder
E. Review of RBM

VII. GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL NETWORKS (GAN)
A. Review on GAN
B. Applications of GAN

VIII. DEEP REINFORCEMENT LEARNING (DRL)
A. Review on DRL
B. Q-Learning
C. Recent trends of DRL with applications

IX. TRANSFER LEARNING
A. What is transfer learning?
B. What is a pre-trained model?
C. Why will you use pre-trained models?
D. How will you use pre-trained models?
E. Working with inference
F. Myth about Deep Learning

X. ENERGY EFFICIENT APPROACHES AND HARDWARE FOR DL
A. Overview
B. Binary or ternary connect Neural Networks

XI. HARDWARE FOR DL

XII. FRAMEWORKS AND SDK
A. Frameworks

XIII. BENCHMARK DATABASES