I. INTRODUCTION

II. EVOLUTION OF DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING
A. Utility Computing
B. Cluster Computing
C. Grid Computing
D. Cloud Computing
E. Mobile Cloud Computing
F. Fog Computing
G. What is the Driving Force behind the Evolution of Distributed Computing?

III. FOG COMPUTING: RESEARCH CHALLENGES, CURRENT STATUS AND TAXONOMY OF EXISTING WORKS
A. Challenges in Fog Computing Research
B. Taxonomy of Existing Works

IV. FOG COMPUTING ARCHITECTURES AND FRAMEWORKS
A. Service Oriented Architectures
B. Application Specific Architectures

V. TECHNOLOGIES FOR ENABLING FOG
A. Fog Computing Framework over 5G Networking System
B. Fog Computing at the Wireless Edge

VI. EXPLORING THE FOG COMPUTING FEATURES FOR DEVELOPING SERVICES
B. Data Mining and Live Data Analytics at the Edge
C. Fog based IoT Data Processing and IoT Services

VII. SECURITY AND PRIVACY IN FOG COMPUTING
A. Authentication and Authorization in Fog Computing
B. Privacy Assurance in Fog Environment

IX. APPLICATIONS OVER FOG COMPUTING FRAMEWORK
A. Developments of Fog based Radio Access Networks
B. Fog Computing for e-Health
C. Fog Computing for Vehicular Environments
D. Fog Computing for Smart City Applications
E. Augmented reality and Real-time Video Analytics based on Fog
F. Fog based Content Delivery and Caching
G. Mobile Big Data Analytics over Fog

X. FOG COMPUTING ASSOCIATIONS
A. OpenFog Consortium
B. Central Office Re-architected as a Datacenter
C. ETSI Mobile Edge Computing

XI. OVERHEADS ASSOCIATED WITH FOG COMPUTING ENVIRONMENTS

XII. FUTURE SCOPES AND OPEN RESEARCH AREAS IN FOG COMPUTING
A. Cloud-Fog Orchestration
B. Virtualization of Fog Devices
C. Application Development Platform over Fog
D. Resource Management at Fog Devices and Networks
E. Security and Privacy of Fog Nodes and Networks

XIII. CONCLUSION