PART 1: Research Significance and Market Opportunity of Connected Vehicles and Self-Driving Cars  
I. INTRODUCTION AND RESEARCH SIGNIFICANCE  
II. MARKET OPPORTUNITY OF CONNECTED VEHICLES AND AD  
III. REMAINDER OF THE PAPER  

PART 2: KEY CHALLENGES IN VANETS AND VCS  
IV. VEHICULAR COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES  
A. Dedicated Short-Range Communications (DSRC)  
C. DSRC Channels Switching Assignment  
V. CELLULAR TECHNOLOGY AND DSRC-CELLULAR HYBRID ARCHITECTURES  
VI. VEHICULAR NETWORK ARCHITECTURES  
VII. VANET MAC PROTOCOLS  
A. Network Selection Schemes  
B. Routing Protocols in VANETs  

IX. TRAFFIC MODELING AND NETWORKING OF SAFETY AND NON-SAFETY APPLICATIONS  
X. VEHICULAR CLOUD COMPUTING (VCC)  
A. Vehicular Cloud (VC) Architecture  
B. Vehicular Cloud Computing (VCC) Challenges  
C. Software Defined Wireless Networking, Fast Greedy Heuristic and CUDA Accelerated with Optimal Scheduling of Infotainment Tasks Placement Over VCs  
XI. SECURITY THREATS AND ATTACKS IN VEHICULAR COMMUNICATION AND CLOUD  
B. Threats and Attacks in Vehicular Clouds (VCs)  
C. Behavior Reflex Approaches for Autonomous Driving Systems  
D. LIDAR Perception Approaches for Autonomous Driving Systems  
E. Mixed Mediated and LIDAR Perception Approaches for Autonomous Driving Systems  

XIII. LOCALIZATION AND MAPPING FOR SELF-DRIVING VEHICLES  
A. Visual Odometry for Vehicle Localization  
B. LIDAR-Based Vehicle Localization  
C. Combined Visual-LIDAR Odometry for Vehicle Localization  

PART 4: TOWARDS VCs MEETING AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES  
XIV. POST ALIGNMENT AND FUSION  
XV. PRE-FUSION BETWEEN VC AND AD DATA MODALITIES  
XVII. EXAMPLES OF INTEGRATION SYSTEMS  
XVI. COOPERATIVE AND COORDINATED AUTONOMOUS DRIVING  

XVIII. OPEN CHALLENGES  
XIX. CONCLUSION