CCS Concepts:  
$\bullet$ General and reference  $\rightarrow$  Surveys and overviews;  
$\bullet$ Human-centered computing  $\rightarrow$  HCI theory, concepts and models;  
$\bullet$ Computing methodologies  $\rightarrow$ Vision for robotics.  
ACM Reference Format:
1 INTRODUCTION  
1.1 Purpose  
1.2 Scope  
1.3 Related Surveys and Systematic Reviews  
1.4 Contribution  
2 BACKGROUND  
2.1 A Brief History of the Field of Computer Vision  
2.2 A Brief History of the Field of Robotic Vision  
2.3 Human-Robot Interaction and Collaboration  
3 REVIEW PROTOCOL  
3.1 Review Information and Categorization  
4 RESULTS  
4.1 Selected Articles  
5 RQ1. WHAT IS THE GENERAL OVERALL TREND OF ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION IN THE LAST 10 YEARS?  
6 RQ2. WHAT ARE THE MOST COMMON APPLICATION AREAS AND DOMAINS FOR ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION?  
7 RQ3. WHAT IS THE HUMAN-ROBOT INTERACTION TAXONOMY FOR ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION?  
8 RQ4. WHAT ARE THE VISION TECHNIQUES AND TOOLS USED IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION?  
9 RQ5. WHAT ARE THE DATASETS AND MODELS THAT HAVE BEEN USED FOR ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT INTERACTION AND COLLABORATION?  
10 RQ6. WHAT HAS BEEN THE MAIN PARTICIPANT SAMPLE, AND HOW IS ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION EVALUATED?  
11 RQ7. WHAT IS THE STATE-OF-THE-ART IN VISION ALGORITHM PERFORMANCE FOR ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION?  
12 RQ8. WHAT ARE THE UPCOMING CHALLENGES FOR ROBOTIC VISION IN HUMAN-ROBOT COLLABORATION AND INTERACTION?  
13 PROMISING AREAS OF FUTURE RESEARCH  
14 CONCLUSION